I was going through receiving face
Augustine again face that wins meters
it was quiet has a face to the center
Each carrillo that enters receives them with
curls that bouncing in accounting or
current
of lion of joaquin strap a golazo made
joaquin that's why they celebrate it
scream ladies and gentlemen students is
the only pointer of the championship golazo
to run the five the prick defeated
san lorenzo of entry 10
what a good goal
appeared on the right students
playing that ball that then comes out the
center towards the middle it seemed that
carrizo could define calama is
strap and put that right
the values
and it's students' goal their people are
crazed with joy
santiago valdearenas documents this way
lives in seconds in the design of the good and
reed with fabricio face Kerry
dumps reserved the carry will capsize to
summer
lion student after the prick
pointer
but if he lies
after the touch of cheek you managed to
the witch very sad the ladies breast and
gentlemen now about 12 minutes from
First time students linked to
lorenzo 2 to 0
the play
how
exit from dying
the pool
perfectly an error
of the output
from san lorenzo a mistake
It makes everything easy to enable your partner
why
province of currents and students
look at how a match is resolved
presented difficult but evenly appears
with two goals of advantage to all
speed
m
the students of silver again
white daniel jara came in to receive you
and to play and to scream and to
show this smile students is the
Unique pointer of the championship students
advance the flags and now he did
now he beats the cycle in 3 to 0
with the feeling of the party defined to
for a student error
departure of san lorenzo forever
Attentive defines how books command
crossed
of happiness
San Lorenzo wins 3 to 0 and dreams of the
championship